References to add:

\cite{bib:Chaneliere05}

---

are there any numerical simulations of network performance for:
	Different topologies
	Different strategies
	Different cost metrics

TCP->OSI

CV encoding of quantum information
	teleportation
	QKD
	QC

implications for scientific research - outsource experiments and hide them

generalise leverage argument to arbitrary comp. power function f and derive qubit leverage from this. in what regimes do we benefit from networking? super-linear??

secrecy of quantum experiment conducted by academics, not just computation

Any other encryption protocols worth discussing?

quantum economic leverage provides profit incentive to voluntarily contribute quantum computational resources to the global network, to the benefit of all users, including themselves.

update statement of contributions - everyone should be there, anyone shouldn’t?
	remove Sam Marks from statement of contributions??

in ‘random number generation’ talk about private key generation

owing to the fundamentally different scaling characteristics of the computational power of networked quantum computers compared to classical ones, economic models for their use are entirely different. we construct pricing models for the licensing of networked quantum computational resources, and discuss their economic implications.

economics
	return on investment
	forward derivatives
	pricing model for time-sharing
	different functions for scaling of computational power

interesting strategic implications: china and US better of combining forces, even though they are competing against each other and combining forces will strengthen the other

latest version of revtex 

latest version of qcircuit

abstract is shit - make awesomeness

3-level gradient echo memory

fig for crossover point for singularity

quantum stockmarket - better to sell qubits to international market and license time-chunks from the global network, than to use your own resources in isolation. - emerge of compute time as a traceable commodity

new results for phase-key encoding

enable coffee stains

remove redundant colour commands for authors

double check all algs

‘single photon’ vs ‘single-photon’ - make consistent

add E91 algorithm

Unnecessary ’s. e.g LAN’s -> LANs etc.

add trace distance as metric
	how does it work for processes rather than states?

in quantum reps/ent dist, discuss:
	architectures
	resource scaling
	different strategies
	error propagation and scaling - how do errors prop. under ent. swapping?
	single photon Bell pairs
	CV entangled states
		tradeoff between loss and dephasing
			large coherent amplitude = easier to detect, but more dephasing
			small coherent amplitude = harder to detect, easier to lose, less dephasing
	trust issues
	any other advantages to repeater networks that i haven’t mentioned
	anything beyond Bell-pairs?

\cite{bib:DurBriegel999}

put QST and QPT into boxes

make sure all abbreviations are introduced the first time they are used
full names are not used once abbreviations are introduced

remove lines from equations where there’s just a number - shift the number up

composition of squeezing operator

is classical blind computing possible? if so, review protocol

add fidelity and purity as cost metrics - how to convert?

put one-time-pad into box

channel capacities (marco tomamichel??)

quantum dot sources/detectors

any more figures to add?

any more circuits to add?

Quantum torrents???!

Consistency of ‘…’ and \emph{…}

Add description of physical layer in stack

Full spellcheck in AU English

Add DOIs

Add arXiv refs

Optical routers and switches - how are they constructed? EOM’s, AOM’s etc

Cross check for duplicate bib entries

Cartoons?

QEC in QOS
	in a repeater network, add syndrome measurement at each node

section: the next space race

http://arxiv.org/abs/1505.02565

Section on timing and synchronisation. How does this affect strategies? How to model the constraints. (cite Wehner?? http://arxiv.org/abs/1505.02565)

quantum clock synchronisation?

check all author affiliations

check for acknowledgements from all authors

—

Waiting for:

Bill - repeater networks, weak non-linearities
Si-Hui & Nana - encryption
Sam - classical networking
Chinese - state of the art
Jon & Chris - space race
Joe Clark - economics
Ryan - anon. broadcasting, superdense coding, CV encoding, CV cluster states, weak non-linearities

—

Bill Munro:
	Rod van Meter: Quantum Networks (book)
—
new abstract
—

The desire to share remote digital assets motivated the development of the classical internet. As we enter the quantum era, it is to be expected that there will be a similar demand for quantum assets, motivating a \emph{global quantum internet}. Large ad hoc networks require well-constructed protocols to efficiently and reliably facilitate communication between arbitrary distant parties. In the classical world, the Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) stack is the standard framework for achieving this, upon which other higher-level protocols are built. TCP/IP is based upon certain expectations and goals for classical networks. When dealing with quantum networks, however, the expectations are entirely different, and TCP/IP requires a complete revamp. We discuss quantum networking, and introduce the Quantum Transmission Control Protocol (QTCP), its operation and implementation, including a presentation of the low-level algorithms underpinning it, and consider its application to various quantum protocols to which networking will foreseeably be applied in the near future. This will enable future quantum networks to communicate quantum resources, implement full global networking services, and enable new models for the commercialisation and proliferation of quantum technologies. In particular, we examine \emph{cloud quantum computing}, whereby clients can license compute time on a host's quantum computer to process their data in the cloud. This is of great importance for the widespread adoption of quantum computing -- given the high expected initial cost of quantum computers, a client/server model for outsourced quantum computation will be essential to enabling accessibility. Combined with protocols for encrypted quantum computation, the client/server model can ensure secrecy of data and algorithms. Entanglement distribution is a primitive resource with widespread applications in quantum protocols, and we discuss quantum repeater networks, which specialise in this single task. We also provide a review of the current state of the art in quantum technologies. Finally we present a non-technical discussion of the implications of the quantum internet, and a vision for its future. While this work is only an early step in a rapidly developing field, still in its infancy, the central concepts we present will be highly relevant to future, more sophisticated protocols. 