References to add:

\cite{bib:Chaneliere05}

---

Numerical simulations of network performance for:
	Different topologies
	Different strategies
	Different cost metrics

TCP->OSI

CV encoding of quantum information
	teleportation
	QKD
	QC

3-level gradient echo memory

move encryption of CS and topological codes to encryption section

fig for crossover point for singularity

quantum stockmarket - better to sell qubits to international market and license time-chunks from the global network, than to use your own resources in isolation. - emerge of compute time as a traceable commodity

what happens to packet headers when teleporting the state?

new results for phase-key encoding

enable coffee stains

remove redundant colour commands for authors

double check all algs

‘single photon’ vs ‘single-photon’ - make consistent

add E91 algorithm

Unnecessary ’s. e.g LAN’s -> LANs etc.

add trace distance as metric
	how does it work for processes rather than states?

in quantum reps/ent dist, discuss:
	architectures
	resource scaling
	different strategies
	error propagation and scaling - how do errors prop. under ent. swapping?
	single photon Bell pairs
	CV entangled states
		tradeoff between loss and dephasing
			large coherent amplitude = easier to detect, but more dephasing
			small coherent amplitude = harder to detect, easier to lose, less dephasing
	trust issues
	any other advantages to repeater networks that i haven’t mentioned
	anything beyond Bell-pairs?

\cite{bib:DurBriegel999}

put QST and QPT into boxes

make sure all abbreviations are introduced the first time they are used
full names are not used once abbreviations are introduced

table of abbreviations?

remove lines from equations where there’s just a number - shift the number up

composition of squeezing operator

is classical blind computing possible? if so, review protocol

add fidelity and purity as cost metrics - how to convert?

put one-time-pad into box

channel capacities (marco tomamichel??)

quantum dot sources/detectors

any more figures to add?

any more circuits to add?

Quantum torrents???!

Consistency of ‘…’ and \emph{…}

Add description of physical layer in stack

Full spellcheck in AU English

Add DOIs

Optical routers and switches - how are they constructed? EOM’s, AOM’s etc

Cross check for duplicate bib entries

Cartoons?

QEC in QOS
	in a repeater network, add syndrome measurement at each node

section: the next space race

http://arxiv.org/abs/1505.02565

Section on timing and synchronisation. How does this affect strategies? How to model the constraints. (cite Wehner?? http://arxiv.org/abs/1505.02565)

quantum clock synchronisation?

check all author affiliations

check for acknowledgements from all authors

—

Waiting for:

Bill
Si-Hui
Sam
Chinese
Jon & Chris
Marco

—

Bill Munro:

Rod van Meter: Quantum Networks (book)
Terminology: be careful about ‘blind QC’.
g-flow: Elham
drop CV? - not qubit states